Feature/cdk database (#206)
UCL-ARC/museum_of_dreams: docs/aws/cdk/infrastructure/database.md

# Relational Database Service

RDS stacks should be deployed after VPC stack and before Elastic Beanstalk environments, this is because the Elastic Beanstalk Stack will need information from database to use as environment variables.

## Security Group:

Security group for both database and elastic beanstalk environment are setup in `database_stack.py`

## Defining a database instance:

```python
from aws_cdk aws_rds as rds

rds.DatabaseInstance(
    self,
    "CdkSQLDatabase",
    # include any additional parameters
)
```

View [Official AWS doc on DatabaseInstance](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/python/aws_cdk.aws_rds/DatabaseInstance.html) for parameters options

## Example configuration:

> Below is a list of example parameters for configuring a database instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a list of parameters we have used for configuring a database instance:
```

- `database_name`: your database name (Only alpha-numeric characters allowed)
- `engine`: database engine type (e.g. `rds.DatabaseInstanceEngine.mysql`)
- `version`: databse engine version ( e.g. `rds.MysqlEngineVersion.VER_8_0_41`)
- `credentials`: `rds.Credentials.from_generated_secret("admin")`(this uses aws secret manager which generates credentials like username/password automatically),
- `vpc`: select the vpc the database will be using,
- `vpc_subnets`: select the subnets the databse will be using (e.g. `ec2.SubnetSelection(subnet_type=ec2.SubnetType.PRIVATE_WITH_EGRESS)`)

> - `instance_type`: chooses the database instance type, related with performance (e.g. `ec2.InstanceType.of(ec2.InstanceClass.BURSTABLE4_GRAVITON, ec2.InstanceSize.MICRO)`)

Reviewer: I think if we're going to do e.g. we should give actual examples, not the technical abstraction. So e.g. would be `db.t3.micro` (this is what the staging one is set as)
If you'd rather use the abstraction, use i.e
Personally I think we might benefit from a mix but we usually want to promote consistency

Author: Could I give both example and the abstraction? Something like: `ec2.InstanceType.of(ec2.InstanceClass.BURSTABLE4_GRAVITON, ec2.InstanceSize.MICRO)` sets up a `db.t4g.micro` instance
